my 2002 Chevy Tahoe we're currently in
Grand Blanc Michigan
oh just gonna do walk around I guess
pretty much show you all my stuff I've
done to whatever it's got a three inch
BDS lift kit
I bought that on eBay 17 inch vision
wheels kind of like a wagon wheel style
whatever nerf bars power tow mirrors
got skyjacker shocks in the rear
aftermarket LED tail lights also reverse
lights as well a little tail light bar
hustlin license plate taillight guards
pretty much as far as exterior I guess
from the back one on my CB antenna you
know front windows 35% tant rear windows
are all 20% came stock factory or
whatever 35 percent in the windshield
now for the fun part
eBay halos black housing LED projector
headlights actual LED are the bulb is
LED for the headlight Plasti Dip grille
so obviously looks like all LEDs
down here LED fog lights these Center
lights I got here on the brush guard our
tree LED seven inch round whatever
want to check out my Instagram it's a
Chevy that truck that nation I also also
the roof rack but can't clear the garage
so I have to take it off every time I
pull in the in the barn but uh
here's a roof rack thirty-six inch light
bar thirty seven something like that I
got a Flowmaster exhaust on it
Oh
pretty much it for exterior I guess
through the inside
that 229 thousand miles on it all these
bulbs LED 7-inch touchscreen Kenwood
navigation all that
also all interior lights all LED um a
couple little switches over here floor
lights whatever a switch for my subs
where's my for the light bar when I got
to flick people got the brights on
yeah I mean other than that quite hard
to hear but that's the flowmaster 44
series yeah and I got a little
got my CB mounted down in there the
actual microphone mount over there
that's pretty much it for the most part
gotta have a husky liner in the back
keep antifreeze on deck just to be safe
two 12-inch Sony Xplod just for a little
bit of bomb usually listen to country
but you got to bump once in a while so
yeah um comment ask questions whatever I
guess uh I've done done a few things to
it so we've got any questions on like
the how to swap out the LED bulbs or any
of that where to get the cheapest
stuff at because one of the stuffs
pretty expensive but I got it for a
pretty good deal shopping around
whatever
as far as under the hood you know
everything basically you know stock is
cold air intake
I got a 4l60e transmission but had that
rebuilt playing around the snow a little
bit and I went a little too hard and
wore out first and second gear so I got
the trans rebuilt with Corvette servos
shift get just a little bit upgraded
chat nothing nothing special 2100 stall
pretty much it I think I'm gonna start
beefing up the motor a little bit soon
pretty much got it where I wanted as far
as looks go but uh yeah I mean you got
questions whatever ask me other than
that just another shitty snowy
day and ramblin Michigan